Feature/kss gpio params (#75)
kroshu/kuka_robot_descriptions: README.md

The support packages contain a joint limits file for every supported robot model, necessary time parametrization of MoveIt-planned paths. They contain the velocity limits also available in the URDF model and additional acceleration limits. Acceleration limits can never be global, these values are calculated from the worst-case ramp-up time to reach maximum velocity. The easiest way to modify the allowed velocities and accelerations is to change the velocity and acceleration scaling factors also available in the same configuration files. (The scaling factor can never be greater than 1.)

### GPIO configuration

> The supported packages contain a gpio config file, which contains an extension for gpio control. These files offer a template for the user to set the desiered GPIOs as for there usecase. The driver uses this list to export the command and state interfaces for the ROS2 Control. If there is no need for GPIO control, the `use_gpio` tag can be set to false so the gpio config file is not going to load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The supported packages include a GPIO configuration file, which contains an extension for GPIO control. These files offer a template for users to set the desired GPIOs according to their use case. The driver uses this list to export the command and state interfaces for ROS 2 Control. If GPIO control is not required, the `use_gpio` tag can be set to `false`, preventing the GPIO configuration file from loading.
```
